Update 2021-03-01-ghazi21a.md (#3)
mlresearch/v132: _posts/2021-03-01-ghazi21a.md

---

> title: Near-tight closure bounds for the Littlestone and threshold dimensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Near-tight Closure Bounds for the Littlestone and Threshold Dimensions
```

issn: 2640-3498
id: ghazi21a
month: 0

> tex_title: Near-tight closure bounds for the Littlestone and threshold dimensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tex_title: Near-tight Closure Bounds for the {L}ittlestone and Threshold Dimensions
```
